c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\develop\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\CSS\girisyap.css
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\girisyap.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\girisyap.pdb
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\girisyap.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\girisyap.pdb
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\CSS\girisyap.css
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\girisyap.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\girisyap.pdb
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\girisyap.dll
C:\Users\develop\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\girisyap\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\girisyap.pdb
